Whatever you do, it should please Me
is one of the ways.
It should please Me;
that’s one of the signs. So how do we do it?
Put Me in your heart. Just try to put Me
in your heart;
is very simple. I am before you now.
I am in Person.
I was trying to give Realization to one
of My relations just today,
and I said that, “You don’t close your
eyes.”
He said, “No. I’m not looking at Your Face,
because when I see You I feel You are
my aunt,
but I am just looking at Your Feet
so that I shouldn’t feel anymore that
You are my aunt.
You are very great, and Your Face is
the one that puts me into illusions.”
He could see it’s a Mahamaya. He said,
“Only at Your Feet I look,
and through Your Feet only I can get over
this barrier, this feeling.”
In the same way when I’m a Mahamaya,
I know I am; I had to be,
but you have to put My Feet into
your heart,
just My feet into your heart,
because photo, face, everything, might be
an illusion.
Might be by seeing My Face you do not
get over your barriers.
To say: “I must see Mother, I must do this,
Mother must come to my house, She must
have food at my place,
She must visit my home,” all this is
so stupid.
I cannot understand. What’s the matter
with these people?
“Mother please come in my heart.
Let me clean my heart so that You are
there.
Put Your Feet into my heart.
Let Your Feet be worshipped in my heart.
Let me not be in delusion.
Take me away from illusions.
Keep me in reality.
Take away the sheen of superficiality.
Let me enjoy Your Feet in my heart.
Let me see Your Feet in my heart.”
Only such people -
even Brahma, Vishnu, Mahesha have
done that,
so don’t you think you have to do it?
So humble down yourself.
Humble down yourself in your heart.
Humble down in your heart.
Enjoy your humility. Enjoy your virtues.
The greatest virtue of a Sahaja Yogi
is humility.
Now so many things you have seen
to convince you,
but in no way it can mean any kind
of subjection,
because what subjection you can give Me?
Think of that.
When every subjection is a blessing,
what subjection you are giving Me?
Every feeling in the heart is a blessing.
Just, just now you feel it, and you feel
the joy in your heart.
Then what is your subjection, about what?
I can understand people who are just newly
come, who are good for nothing, just,
but you are not on the periphery.
But some of them do go into periphery
in no time.
You give them some work - finished.
If I am sweet to someone - finished.
If I see someone - finished. I mean this is
too much;
I can’t even be nice to you.
If you do any mistakes or anything then
you feel, then you get your left Vishuddi.
You’ve done your mistake, all right,
finished.
You love Me, maybe there’s something
wrong in the love,
or maybe something has happened; doesn’t
matter.
“Now, I’m going to be cautious. I’m not
going to make any mistakes.
How could I do this mistake? Because
I was not fully in love.
If I had loved something I would have
not done such a mistake.”
All right, so develop your love.
No. You will do, “I feel guilty, because
I’ve done such a thing,”
so you miss this and that both.
So your mistake becomes a barrier again.
Don’t feel guilty about it. We have
to progress further.
Forget the past. Forget the past. Forget
the past.
We have to go further. We have to be
serious people.
When we talk, we should talk with that
dignity of that awe.
That’s very important, and once you develop
that awe
your Ekadasha will disappear.
Ekadasha will disappear; just think
of the awe.
See the silence and the joy, and the joy
of the awe
is deep, very deep like a sea.
Sea on superficial level is very turbulent,
but inside it’s silent,
absolutely silent. Feel that depth.
Without awe you cannot go down.